30782

admin@admincertprep#.com
Last digits(#) ranges
30782

Password1


admin@admincertprep30782.com

When you add new value to opportunity stage
1. forecast category
2. Probability percentage
3. Type (Open, Closed/Won, Closed/Lost)
----------------
4 levels of security
1. Org level - You can restrict thru trusted ip, login ip range(definied in profile) and login hours(its static and the time zone is user level).
2. Object level  - profile set which objects you are allowed to access. Following can be restricted.
objects, records, fields, layout, reports and dashboards, mass email, 
object level and field level permission set can be set.
chances are can login to laptop but not on device, then set "Connected apps" in your profile.
license, CRED permisisons 
3. Record level- OWD(organisation wise default)
by default records u own u have acess to it. You can see, edit, delete and transfer to diff user. Can enjoy the previliges only if the profile allow to do. If the profile says u can create then u can't edit or delete or transfer.
records that you don't own work based on org level settings(public readonly, private, public read and write)
private - you own only u can see, others cant see. set to provaite can't be seen anywhere
public readonly - if you are not owner then u can't delete, edit and transfer
public readandwrite - can't delete or transfer records owned by someone else.

can create users without any role(None specfified). This user record will not set role hierarchy, even the roles above him can't view, edit or delete.
sharing rules - 
-if i want to share the records but want to add filters to it, u can do it based on criteria based on sharing. if there is a question where specific records to be shared then it's sharing rules.

-certain opportuities to be shared with the team mates then you can do it by creating a team for account, opporunity and cases alone. For other objects you can't create a team.
-By default, user above the heirarchy will act as owner of the record.
4. Field level
it can be controlled at object level which is set in profile.
---------------------

To add users u need license
you can't give full access on sharing rule.
In profile level u can set an option to transfer leads.
Trusted ip u will not get activation code, whereas login ip will get activation code. user ip range can be overwritten with org level trusted ip range.

NO QUESTIONS ON CUSTOM OBJECTS, ONLY ON STARND SOBJECTS

When you convert an lead, it will be oppourintiy, account and contact.

why do we crete record types?
different layout for diff profiles
one profile can see only one layout, if u want more then use record types.
inside the field if we can regulate the values then record type

if you want to setup a new record type, out of below which is mandate. Business process is something which is REQUIRED.
business process, page layout and record type

Field level security is also set on profile.

workflow rule
1.update  field - can trigger another action
2. output message
3. email - to trigger email template should be ready
4. task - to trigger when a calendar activity been set to the user. assiging one task to role with mulitple user. It goes to the workflow owner.



criteria for workflow rule
created - will file when its created
created and edited - any update action will be fired.

what are the apossible scenario when workflow don't fire?
before it fire when it not meet the criteria
all time delay will go to queue, you can go to queue and delete it.


Lightening Process builder. 
-we can 8 actions. create a record, update record, send a mail, post to chatter, use a quick action, submit for approval, launch a flow, call apex.

in pagelayout there is an option for a field to mark as required
in profile, on ur field level security u have set not access to that field.

read, create, edit, delete, view all data and modify all data

View all data/modify all data set for the object - org level settings will not apply.
---------------------
How to create leads?
we do by creating form, web to lead

preparation for web to lead?
hml form to be given
give the details to fill the form
get the leads or case
we do create assignment rules

field listing object - can set for 20 fields in a object, it maintains complete history and track the changes made to the field.


Order of execution
Validation rules
assignment rules
auto response rules
workflow rules
processes
escalation rules


standard objects that can be import using import wizard are
Accounts and Contacts
Leads
Solutions
Campaign Members
--------

Benefits of import wizard.
Duplicate entrance can be blocked using data import wizard
When using import records you can trigger whether workflow can be triggered or not?


if universal required field or currency field is not mapped then the complete data upload is mapped.

Data Loader
-----------
if more than 50k to be uploaded. Max 5million
cannot prevent duplicate or can't match by id
standard or custom can't be imported or exported

we have data export wizard but we can't set filters. so for export with filtes use data loader


page#70
Answers
1. Data loader bcoz filter cant be added to data export wizard
2. data import wizard by disabling worflow trigger
3. import accont first followed by contact. child can't exist without a parent.


Page#74
1. Data export wizard
2. Data loader

Reports and Dashboards
----------------------
for all std objects will have their own rports and templates.
std reports can be modified, if u make a modification u can save as custom reports
you can save the report in your personal folder or custom folder and the folder can be shared with other users.
you can view, edit, manage(view, edit and move the report from one custom to other custom folder) the report
Matrix, summary, joined and tabular are type of reports.


page#84
2. Joined report

page#88
1. pie or bar chart
2. Grouped line chart
3. Funnel chart

Dashboard
it doesn't refresh by itself, it has to be in folder and u can share trhe folder
(important)RUNNING USER - when you ceate a dashboard u can specify name of the running user, which means if i spcify my name as running user in dashboard and set it 

it simply whose visible on the dashboard i.e. only summary. it should be summary report as we are not displaying detail.


Table, gauge, charts, metric display on dashboard



Products
we have an option to add products to salesforce




admin@admincertprep30826.com





26






Practice Test
--------------
1. Adding emy to bob account account will make her to access all his records. if you move her to public, she can be member but can't view the records.

3. can't use import wizard to delete records





ADM 261:
Naming Convention: admin@aw42524.com
Password1


Case Management

BUSINESS PROCESS IS IMPORTANT - 2 QUESTIONS FOR SURE

Case capture:
Web 2 case
Email 2 case
Auto response rules(when a customer submit a form, we can send a auto response)
Email Templates


Case Assignment:
Case Queue
Assignment Rules

Notification:
Escalation Rules
Workflow Rules
Process Builder

Default owner
default owner of case when a assignment rule is not able to locate the owner.

Automated case owner
From the customer is filling the form, whatever the name that's been mentioned, it will be assigned to the user.


design one queue

design an html form for cases


Email to case:
mail subject will be case title and body will the case commit.
There are 2 options
Email client: - can download from developer portal
-have an client tool which can be downloaded, but we need to set firewall to make it to work. In this there is no limit to the attachment
option2:
In salesforce, we have an option "Email-to-case" settings where we can edit and set "Enable email-to-case" and "Enable  On-demand-Service". But in this option we have limit of 25MB upload as attachment.


Email template will be used for sending automated mails.








Enable

















