admin@pab1775.com
Password1


https://trialheadapac.mimeo.digital/library
V05

USKQPJULYVCM

Trainer Name: Tri
Email:  tripty.jha@salesforce.com
tripty.jha@gmail.com

Day1:
----
understand platform, size, alicense given to u.


App is an logical container which connects all inter-related object together
App contains objects/tabs. If you change app then you are only changing the container.

Schema Builder
use this tool to create, modify and look for an object.


Exercise guide
Exercise - 2 (Schema builder - objects - select from (custom objects)hg

1. 7
2. opporunity pipeline snapshot
3. No relationship
4. last modiifed by, owner, position, created by, candidate, currency
5. 


Object relationship
1. Lookup
It's not mandate to have parent. You need to do certain configuration for that.
You can't create a contact without account. But, if you account been delete, contact can continue to exist.
If you delete parent, ur child need not be deleted in lookup
2. Master-detail
-one to many relationship
-tight coupling
-if u delete a parent, all child will be deleted.
- Parent is always required.
3. Hierarchy
If self with user object then it's hierarchy
4. Self
relationship with any other object then it's self.

CHILD CAN HAVE MAX 40 LOOKUP AND ONLY 2 PARENTS FOR MASTER DETAIL
   
There is no self relationship, so need to work with lookup relationship.

special cases for MD and picklist
lookup to MD
field should have parent before converting to MD
pickuplist to picklist(multi)




Day2
----

updating data
- external id will the primary key of different objet. text, email, number are the numbers allowed in exernal.




QUESTIONS
---------
when it is adivsiable dataloader instead of import wizard
-when the amount of record exceed the wizard maximum
-an imort load needs to be schedule on regular basis

what is the import limit in import wizard?
-50000

which of the follwoing import the file format is accepted by dataloader
-CSV

which of the following statements are true about record IDs
-18char case insensitive
-15 char case sensitive


https://test.salesforce.com - sandbox direct url
Force.com LOGINS plugin to save salesforce credentials used if in case u forgot the sandbox name












